[jailer] add check of --exec-file parameter (#3143)
firecracker-microvm/firecracker: docs/jailer.md

- `id` is the unique VM identification string, which may contain alphanumeric
  characters and hyphens. The maximum `id` length is currently 64 characters.
- `exec_file` is the path to the Firecracker binary that will be exec-ed by the

>   jailer. The filename of the path must include the string `firecracker`.

Reviewer: The filename ~~of the path~~ must include the string firecracker.

Reviewer 2: I would also keep the clarification that we had before, something like:
```suggestion
  jailer. The filename must include the string `firecracker`. This is enforced
  because the interaction with the jailer is Firecracker specific.
```
